implementation of nndetector (#2349)
nnstreamer/nntrainer: Applications/Android/NNDetector/README.md

# NNDetector

> NNDetector based on nntrainer is an demo application conducting object detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NNDetector is a demo application conducting object detection based on nntrainer.
```

> You can inference an object and train with your personal items. Below is showing how to detect and train with NNDetector.

Reviewer: 'inference' is a noun.

```suggestion
You can detect an object and train with your personal items. Below is a showing of how to detect and train with NNDetector.
```
